Overview: This work intends to replicate some of the most crucial statistics taken from the well-known publication “Buffett’s Alpha” authored by Frazzini, Kabiller and Pedersen . This paper, deconstructs Warren Buffett’s successful investing principles, pointing to several factors that helped him achieve extraordinary results. Due to the academic nature of the Computational Finance course, our project intends to implement and study these factors in practice in order to complement our knowledge. <br>

Buffett's Performance: Warren Buffett’s company, Berkshire Hathaway, has been unusually successful. From 1976 to 2011, that success manifested in the average annual excess return of 19.0%, compared to the market’s 6.1% . Although this high returns rate is associated with cheap leverage and High Sharpe ratio, as shown by a Sharpe ratio of 0.76, Buffett managed it well. Leverage, about 1.6-to-1, is one of the strategy foundations that magnify the returns. The other strategy opportunity is taking advantage of low-risk, high-quality, and undervalued stocks 'Whether we are talking about socks or stocks, I like buying quality merchandise when it is marked down', Warren Buffet, 2008. In Buffett's Alpha, FKP proposes two additional factos called Betting-Against-Beta and Quality-Minus-Junk, respectively. Such approach contributes to the enhancement of the competitive edge over the more traditional approaches constituents. <br>

Project Objectives:In line with concepts including the Sharpe Ratio, the Capital Asset Pricing Model , and the Fama and French three-factor model , our project emulates the methodologies that contributed to Buffett’s success. Since optimal technique has to ensure data continuity, our risk factors data will be collected from the AQR website, and price data, including Berkshire’s historical price data, will be collected from Yahoo Finance. Regarding our analysis, we will compute the monthly Sharpe Ratio and Information Ratios of Berkshire compared to the U.S. Market and use the same factors as in the FKP study as the target ratios.
